Add note on WSL2 path formatting for hot reloading in Rancher Desktop on Windows (#1769)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/lambda-tools/hot-reloading/index.md

If using Docker Desktop on macOS, you might need to allow [file sharing](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/settings/mac/#file-sharing) for your target folders.
MacOS may prompt you to grant Docker access to your target folders.

**WSL2-compatible paths required with Rancher Desktop on Windows:**

> Make sure your Lambda handler paths are specified using WSL2-compatible paths. For example, instead of using a Windows-style path like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your Lambda handler paths are specified using WSL2-compatible paths. For example, instead of using a Windows-style path such as:
```
